type: page
slug: home
title: Home
callout_big_1: PyCon UK is your community-led
callout_big_2: volunteer-run conference
callout_small: Cardiff City Hall from Thursday 15th to Monday 19th September 2016
---

PyCon UK is the annual gathering of the UK Python community and its friends
from around the world.  This year, the conference is held at [Cardiff City
Hall](http://www.cardiffcityhall.com/), from Thursday 15th to Monday 19th
September.

We'll be putting on a programme of talks, workshops, and other events aimed at
the whole Python community, from web developers to hardware engineers, from
professionals to hobbyists.  There will be an [education programme](/teachers/)
for teachers, and an [expanded research programme](/research/) aimed at
researchers from the humanities, arts and scientists.

We're a community-led, volunteer-run conference, and this means we want you to
be involved.  If you'd like to give a talk or run a workshop, please see our
[Call For Proposals](/cfp/).  We're particularly keen to hear from
under-represented groups and first-time speakers.

Through the generosity of our sponsors, we're able to make the conference more
affordable than in recent years, with individual [tickets](/tickets/) only £96.
For the first time, we're also offering a [Financial Aid
Programme](/financial-aid/).

PyCon UK cannot happen without sponsors.  If you or your company are interested
in supporting the conference — perhaps you're recruiting, or sell to
developers, or want to give something back to the community — take a look at
our [sponsorship options](/sponsorship/).

We're committed to ensuring the conference is welcoming, enjoyable, and safe
for everyone, and so we expect all attendees to agree to our [Code of
Conduct](/code-of-conduct/).

If you've got any questions, [get in touch](/contact/).

We look forward to seeing you in September!

~ The PyCon UK Committee
